{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19740\viewh25760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Hello, welcome to the  video demo of the DycomDetector: Discover topic using automatic community detections in dynamic networks.\
As data increases, finding interesting trends/patterns and relationship in the data is a challenging task to address some of the interesting questions such as: What are the hottest topics on Wikinews last month? Are there any common viewpoints among different groups of people? Or how did opinions about a particular topic change overtime?\
In this video, we present the DycomDetector, an interactive data analytics prototype for visualizing and analyzing topic abstractions \
\
Dataset for this visualization are collected from different sources such as Wikinews, American blog, Crooks and Liars, Empty Wheel, the Huffington post in the form of Excel TSV format. Then the terms from this dataset are extracted and classified into different categories.\
\
The network is then constructed based on nodes and links, where node represent for the term and link (line or arc) indicates the collocated terms in the same articles/blogs. Thicker link shows that these two terms are more frequently appeared together in a given period of time. This thickness can be set via a slider at the top left of the screen. By default this value is set to 5 to show highly collocated terms.\
\
Users can view and redefine the network from different perspectives through filtering selection box. The DycomDetector will recalculate the networks and their communities accordingly. A histogram below each network displays modularity Q on different filtering settings (called relationship cut or cut-off value). This relationship cut can extend from 1 to the highest weight of vertices in all terms networks. The first bar shows modularity Q of the original term networks, the second bar show modularity Q of the network where every link weights at least 2 and so on). Below each histogram, DycomDetector displays the top 5 terms based on the user selected feature: term frequency, sudden increase in frequency, node degree and betweenness centrality. Term sizes reflect their popularity and are color-coded by category: orange for person name, blue for location, red for organization and green for others. \
\
At the bottom is another term timeline to highlight the evolution of terms over time. Some terms which are often mentioned in later month can be easily notice by larger arcs from a lower term group (later month) to an upper group (previous month). Terms in the same month are ordered by communities to reduce edge-crossings since community detection groups highly connected nodes (frequently collocated terms) to loosely connected to nodes in other clusters. \
\
The DycomDector supports a range of interactions such as lensing or filtering that allow users to quickly drill down events of interest. Moreover, user can input into the search box to provide topic of interest. Through the support of the visualization tool, user can easily spot an interesting topic, for example Iran and cia are the two hottest terms in April 2006.\
\
Thank you for watching.\
 \
}